_printf Manual

NAME
		_printf

SYPNOSIS
		int printf(const char *format, );

DESCRIPTION
		The printf function prints to standard output
		according to what it receives in the format
		variable in the function argument as shown in
		the above statement.
		Printf is a variadic function that prints
		and converts the arguments provided to it
		taking into account the format specifiers.

	String without specifier
	       The printf function can be given a string
	       of characters as an argument, which will be
	       printed in the standard output except for
	       the % character, which will be discussed later.
	       As long as the character string has no format
	       specifiers and is enclosed in double quotes
	       within the function argument, it will be
	       printed one by one without any conversion.
	       When you want to convert an argument
	       according to the format specifier, you must
	       indicate the position where you want to print
	       in the format string by using the % character
	       preceding the specifier.
	       For example:
	       If you have a variable to which you assigned
	       a number and you want to print it with
	       the printf function, you can do it as follows:

	       int number = 16;
	       printf(The number: %d is printed.\n, number);

	       Note in the example that by using the character
	       '%' accompanied by the character 'd', you
	       are specifying the position where you want
	       to print the variable number in the format
	       string that is before comma, followed by the
	       variable number as argument. This causes the
	       function to print what is in that variable and
	       the following output is obtained:

	       The number: 16 is printed.

	 Conversion specifiers 

	       The conversion specifiers are used to tell
	       the function how to print the variables given
	       as arguments, that is, after the comma that
	       separates the format string.

	 c
	       When the 'c' specifier is used, the argument
	       must be of type char or integer and the function
	       converts it to a char character based on the
	       equivalences found in the ascii code.

	 s
	       The const char * argument is required to be
	       a pointer to a character array, i.e. a pointer
	       to a string.

	 d, i
	       This specifier instructs the function to convert
	       the integer data type given as an argument to
	       signed decimal notation.
	       The entire string will be printed without including
	       the null character indicating its termination.

RETURN VALUE

	       When the printf function is used and the process
	       is successful, it should return the number of
	       characters it printed, that is, it counts each
	       of the arguments that it converted and did not
	       convert and that were printed.
	       If printing is done using printf and the
	       function fails, it will return -1 indicating
	       that it is not being used correctly.

